Impossible Great Xia is the number one tyrant in the northern continent
Rich country and strong people
Hundreds of thousands of civilian soldiers
Even if you are the most powerful force in the world
It's just entrenched in the south
How could Great Xia listen to your orders?
It seems that you know nothing about the strength of the Promise Palace
Great Xia Kingdom and the Leader of Linwei
Meet the owner of the invincible ship
enlargement device
How is that possible?
Could it be that the eldest son of the manufacturer, Jiang Wenxing, is bold?
Collusion without electromechanical traitors
Intent to murder the owner of Wudian
Want to lure Huo Daxia to be such a disaster to the country and the people
Destroy the door immediately
With filial piety
Once the same age, I beg you to tell Your Majesty
I did everything.
Nothing to do with the Jiang family
All guilt
I, Jiang Wenxing, will bear it alone
Your Majesty, for the sake of generational love
Leave the younger generation of the Jiang family a way out
It's over before I come
The entire Jiang family has been beheaded to the public
Hahaha father
Mother, I hurt you.
Jiang Wenxing was handed over to Zeng Tongge for disposal
I'm a little tired today
Go first take care
Body matter
National Day
Congratulations to the owner Xiao